[Music]
hi welcome back to burn addcom today I'm
going to show you how to make a reverse
single crochet sometimes called the crab
stitch I'm using Bernat SuperValu as my
yarn and I have a 5 millimeter crochet
hook when you crochet you usually work
from the right side of your work over to
the left side when you're working the
reverse single crochet you're actually
going to start on the left side and work
towards the right so because this is the
beginning of my row I'm going to chain 1
so there's my chain 1 I'm going to put
my first stitch into this first stitch
right here
so I want to insert my hook into that
stitch okay so that's into the stitch
right there I'm going to draw up a loop
so now I have two loops on my hook I'm
going to yarn over my hook and draw
through two loops on my hook and that's
your first reverse single crochet so let
me show you that to you again
so I'm going to work into my next stitch
right here so I'm going to insert my
hook it feels a little awkward at first
going in this direction but you'll get
used to it it's just because you've
trained yourself to go in this direction
the whole time you want to draw up a
loop you want to yarn over hook and pull
through both of those loops on your hook
and that's your second reverse SC now to
show you through the magic of video what
it looks like this is actually what a
finished piece would look like I've done
it in a contrast color so you can kind
of see that it creates this over cast
look to the edge here it's a great
finish for the edge of blankets and
sweaters and that's type of thing so
that's all there is to making a reverse
single crochet and I'll see you again at
brunette calm
you
[Music]